Let's take it back to basics, I really like how the original format read:

> Save the response of a coding prompt to a variable.
> {{ code hello_world Generate a simple hello world python program that additionally has a few helpful debug methods. }}
>
> Save a variable to a file.
> {{ save hello_world /tmp/hello-world.py }}
>
> Load a line of a file into a variable.
> {{ load hello_world /tmp/hello-world.py[0] }}
>
> Load all lines of a file after a specific line into a variable.
> {{ load hello_world /tmp/hello-world.py[0:] }}
>
> Load all lines of a file up to a specific line into a variable.
> {{ load hello_world /tmp/hello-world.py[:10] }}
>
> Load a sliced selection of lines of a file into a variable.
> {{ load hello_world /tmp/hello-world.py[0:10] }}
>
> Load a complete file into a variable.
> {{ load hello_world /tmp/hello-world.py }}
>
> Use a variable within a prompt.
> {{ code fibonacci Using the following python file, add an additional method that generates the fibonacci sequence:
> $hello_world
> }}
>
> {{ save fibonacci /tmp/fibonacci.py }}

---

# Prompt types

> There are various ways to generate code.

- infill - Generates code between two blocks of code
- autocomplete - Generates code after a block of code
- prompt - Generates code from a prompt

# Variable operations

- set - Sets a variable to a provided value
- pop - Deletes a specified variable

# File operations

- read - Reads a file into a variable
- write - Writes a variable to a file
- append - Appends a variable to a file
- delete - Deletes a file
